Communication and updates are recorded directly on the task.
Use Work Notes to record internal updates as work progresses.
These updates are not visible to the requester.
If more information is needed,
an Additional Comment can be added to obtain clarification from the requester.
When waiting for a response,
the task can be placed in a Pending state.
The Comment is automatically posted to the Requested Item record,
where it is visible to the requester and triggers a notification.
When the requester responds,
as the Assigned To user,
you'll be notified that a comment has been added.
Once the required information is received,
the task can be returned to the Work in Progress state.